1.  Tell me what you have done on Hybris in your project.
2.  Have work on any integration of hybris to any other ERP or third party .
3.  What is workflow in Hybris.
4.  Suppose you need to create a own store(website) then what will your steps.
5.  Suppose you have create a store by extending a hybris default base store then what common functionality will be in both.
6.  They have asked question on Hybris Solr.
7.  Suppose you are creating a product and you have to need a media file associated with product then how you can do it.
8.  Asked question on Hybris data Model.
9.  What is a Hybris Cockpit Frameowrk and hMC?
10. What is a workflow in Hybris?
11. Explain a high level steps to integrate a search engine (Solr, Endeca, GCS etc) with Hybris.
12. How to configure a cronjob in Hybris?
13. Explain How to Run the Hybris in cluster mode?
14. Explain Hybris Caching mechanism in persistent layer?
15. Explain the Hybris Data Model.
16. Explain the FlexibleSearch and its usage? How is it related to SQL?
17. What is Extension and how can you create extension.
18. Can you customize ANT EXTGEN . If Yes then How ,Where need to change.
19. What is ANT Command to generated your own website.
20. About Dynamic attribute and their handler.
21. Difference between Hybris version 5 to earlier version .
22. Many question over items.xml like their syntax
         <itemtype code="rna" extends="bus" autocreate="true"
                      generate="true" jaloclass="com.everyreply">
                <description>A Bus</description>
                <deployment table="bus" typecode="11510"/>
                <attributes>
                    <attribute type="java.lang.String" qualifier="modelCode">
                        <modifiers read="true" write="true" search="true"
                                   optional="false"/>
                        <persistence type="property"/>
                    </attribute>
More will listed soon. If want to add then Reply below.




some more question i got from sonata software , banglore
What is impex?
What is HMC?
Explain catalog and product?
How to define relation between types?
Please explain Hybris Type System.
How to synchronize Product?
How to setup category?
How to associate product to Category?
What are the steps involved to create a cronjob?
How to mention that code should be executed during system initialization or system update?
How to define in which extension the code should be executed?





Which version of hybris you are working upon?
On what all modules of hybris you have worked upon?
What is an extension. And how many types of extensions exists in hybris?
Steps to create an extension
What are the new features available in latest version of hybris?
What is HMC?
What is a perspective in cockpit?
What is flexible search query?
What are the different modes in which impex scripts can be executed?
Difference between system initialization and update?
Steps to add an attribute to an existing type?
What is dynamic attribute. And how to create them?
What is process engine in hybris? Different types of nodes in process engine?
What is the difference between autocreate and generate attributes for a type in items.xml?
How to declare dependency in an extension over another extension?
What all classes are generated when ant build is performed?
What is facade, service and dao layer?
What is module gen?




1. Suppose i want to index localized value in Solr . then how can i achieve it.
2. They asked about multiple site for each country. how you can setup


1. What do you know about hybris? What are the differentiators from other eCommerce frameworks?

2. Explain the architecture of hybris briefly.

3. How do you model data in hybris? What do you know about dynamic attributes?

4. How do you create an extension and a module in hybris?

5. What is the difference between an extension and a module?

6. Mention the name of 10 out-of-box extensions.

7. What is the information you write inside extensioninfo.xml?

8. What is localextensions.xml?

9. What do understand about local.properties? What is relationship of project.properties in platform, project.properties of individual extensions and local.properties

10. What do you know about flexible search query? Could you write a query to fetch all products? Also, how do you write a query to fetch data for products but not for its children types?

11. What do you know about Cron Job? Mention 3-4 typical use cases of Cron Jobs.

12. Explain the catalog in hybris.

13. What do you know about classification system?

14. What do you know about catalog synchronization?

15. How do you change a system configuration at runtime (i.e. without restarting the server)? Give  an example.

16. Name 5 cockpits

17. Mention 5 uses of hAC?

18. How do you create a site and a store?

19. How can run hybris server in the hAC-only mode?

20. What do you know about hybris CMS?

21. What do understand about page template, page, slot and components?

22. Explain briefly 5 out-of-box CMS components

23. What is the extension responsible for advanced personalization?

24. What is name of the file where you define the layout of hMC?

25. Which framework a cockpit is built with?

26. Explain 5 integrations that were there in your application.

27. What do you know about data hub?

28. What were the database, application server, continuous integration server and search engine in your project?

29. How do you manage the code quality of hybris?

30. What do you know about unit testing and integration testing? How is it done using JUnit in hybris?

31. What is the difference between system initialization and update?

32. How do you type system clean up?

33. What do you know about l10n and i18n in hybris?

33. Give an overview of the activities that are performed as part of production cutover.

34. What do you know about NFRs?

35. What are typical timelines of a B2C and a B2B projects?

36. What do you understand about RWD?

37. What do you understand about searchandising?

38. How can you say that hybris is an omni-channel eCommerce platform?

39. What do you know about a deployment table? What is the recommended practice for deployment tables?

40. What do you know about ImpEx?

41. What is Data-Hub?

41. Describe any 2 methods of business analysis

42. What do you know about ASM?

42. What do you know about synchronous and asynchronous integrations?

43. What are the functional differences between B2B and B2C?

44. Describe different types of backoffice tools provided by hybris ?

45. What are all tools (code quality, code coverage, IDE, CI etc.)  used during hybris project SDLC?

46. What do you know about InStore module of hybris?

47. What do you know about hybris OMS module?

48. What do you know understand by single channel, multi channel and omni channel eCommerce?

49. Describe typical integrations in an eCommerce application

50. Describe multi-tenancy of hybris

51. What do you know about clustered environment? How is a cache distributed between different nodes?

52. What do you know about hybris caching mechanism? What is region cache?

53. What do you know about process engine and workflows in hybris?

54. What is do you know about hot folder of hybris?

55. What do you know promotions in hybris? Describe some of the promotion templates provided by hybris

56. What do you know understand by media conversion?

57. What do you know about restrictions in hybris?

58. What do you know about OCC and CIS in hybris?

59. What do you understand by user group?

60. What is the purpose of a price group in hybris?


what is difference between Custom and Customize folder in Hybris

when you create the Item in Hybris their models class generated in platform extesions?
 
 
 explain Hybris Order Splitting Strategy or how order splitting happen in Hybris ?
 
 
 1.  What you have done on Hybris in your project.
2.  Have work on any integration of hybris to any other ERP or third party .
3.  What is workflow in Hybris.
4.  Suppose you need to create a own store(website) then what will your steps.
5.  How to handle if you have to create a store by extending a hybris default base store then what common functionality will be in both.
6.  Do you know what is Hybris Solr.
7.  How to handle if you are creating a product and you have to need a media file associated with product then how you can do it.
8.  Explain the FlexibleSearch and its usage? How is it related to SQL?
9.  What is a Hybris Cockpit Frameowrk and hMC?
10. What is a workflow in Hybris?
11. Explain a high level steps to integrate a search engine (Solr, Endeca, GCS etc) with Hybris.
12. How to configure a cronjob in SAP Hybris?
13. Explain How to Run the Hybris in cluster mode?
14. Explain Hybris Caching mechanism in persistent layer?
15. What do you know about Hybris data Model?
16. Explain the Hybris Data Model?
17. What is Extension and how to create extension?
18. How to customize ANT EXTGEN  and where need to change it?
19. What is ANT Command to generated your own website.
20. What are Dynamic attributes and their handler.
21. Difference between Hybris version 5 to earlier version .
22. Do you know about items.xml like their syntax
         <itemtype code="rna" extends="bus" autocreate="true"
                      generate="true" jaloclass="com.everyreply">
                <description>A Bus</description>
                <deployment table="bus" typecode="11510"/>
                <attributes>
                    <attribute type="java.lang.String" qualifier="modelCode">
                        <modifiers read="true" write="true" search="true"
                                   optional="false"/>
                        <persistence type="property"/>
                    </attribute>
23. Do you know Collection type vs. Relation Type in Hybris?
24. How to configure Hybris for Cluster Mode?
25. Why extension one should opt to customize home page in SAP Hybris?
26. Why models class generated in platform extensions in Hybris?
27. How to check Standalone or Embedded Solr is being used in Hybris Multi Channel Suite?
28. How to Setup Standalone Solr Server in SAP Hybris?
29. How to know the requirement of a private package in YaaS Builder in Hybris?
30. What is Punchout in SAP Hybris?
 